By downloading, installing, or running the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the
following license terms and conditions.

NONEXCLUSIVE, NON-TRANSFERABLE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

The California Institute of Technology ("CALTECH"), will provide you or your company
("LICENSEE") [executable/source code] for "MCRL" ("SOFTWARE"), which is
protected under copyright laws and applicable international intellectual property
treaties. The SOFTWARE is available to LICENSEE on the following terms: 

1. CALTECH hereby grants to LICENSEE a nonexclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free
license, without the right to sublicense, to use the SOFTWARE for non-commercial,
research purposes only.  The SOFTWARE may only be used by the LICENSEE. The LICENSEE agrees
not to distribute the SOFTWARE to any person external to the LICENSEE without the
prior written permission of CALTECH.
  
2. The SOFTWARE is experimental in nature and is being licensed "as is". The license
does not include any technical or other type of support.
  
3. None of the SOFTWARE provided or output from the SOFTWARE provided may be used in
commercial products or services directly or indirectly unless a license agreement
granting the right to use the SOFTWARE or output in commercial products or services
is executed between CALTECH and LICENSEE. LICENSEE agrees that it will not license,
distribute, or sell the SOFTWARE or any software, information or data that
incorporate any part of the SOFTWARE, including "Derivative Works" thereof (as
defined in the U.S. copyright statutes, 17 USC § 101), to any other parties without
having executed such an agreement with CALTECH.
  
4. LICENSEE has not been granted any trademark license as part of this agreement and
agrees not to use the name of CALTECH or the California Institute of Technology for
any purpose whatsoever.
    
5. LICENSEE agrees that any person within the LICENSEE utilizing the SOFTWARE will
be advised of, and is subject to, the conditions of this license.

6. THE SOFTWARE AND/OR RELATED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OR
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE (AS SET FORTH IN UCC
2312-2313) OR FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER, HOWEVER USED.

IN NO EVENT SHALL CALTECH BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND/OR COSTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
ECONOMIC DAMAGE OR INJURY TO PROPERTY OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, HOWEVER CAUSED
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER CALTECH SHALL BE ADVISED, HAVE REASON TO KNOW, OR IN
FACT SHALL KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY.

LICENSEE BEARS ALL RISK RELATING TO QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR
RELATED MATERIALS, AND AGREES TO INDEMNIFY CALTECH FOR ALL THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS
RESULTING FROM THE ACTIONS OF LICENSEE IN THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

7. All right, title, and interest in and to all data, information, and inventions
that result from use of the SOFTWARE by the LICENSEE shall vest in and belong to the
LICENSEE, with the exception of Derivative Works, which shall be owned according to
U.S. copyright law.  The LICENSEE agrees to acknowledge CALTECH and the authors in 
publications that reference the SOFTWARE.

8. This license covers the use described in paragraph 1 above.  All other uses of
the SOFTWARE by the LICENSEE must be approved in writing in advance by CALTECH.
CALTECH will consider all requests for a commercial license, but shall be under no
obligation to grant such license.
  
9. This license will be governed by the laws of the State of California, and any
action brought hereunder shall be within the State of California.

10. The grant of this license is subject to the requirements necessary to comply
with all applicable U.S. export laws (including, but not limited to, 22 CFR §120-130
and 15 CFR §730-774), and  LICENSEE agrees to comply with all applicable U.S. export
control laws and regulations (including, but not limited to, 22 CFR §120-130 and 15
CFR §730-774).  To the extent that the SOFTWARE is subject to U.S. export control
laws and regulations, LICENSEE has the responsibility to obtain export licenses or
other export authority as may be required before exporting such information to
foreign countries or providing access to foreign persons.

11. This license constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties as to the
matter set forth herein and supersedes any previous agreements, understandings, and
arrangements, whether oral or written, between the parties relating hereto.  No
waiver of or change in any of the terms hereof claimed to have been made by any
representative of either party shall have any force or effect unless in writing,
signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties.
  